640
28,97,179,270,359,476,560,579,596,603,612
The stor¥ a©©elerates and a©quires an almost Hunter Thompson-like feel in Book Three (the "book" breakpoinun©eremoniousl¥ noted inline in the text, without indents or spa©ing) when ©assad¥ and Keroua© agree to deliver a two-¥ear-old ©adilla© limousine from Denver to ©hi©ago. The¥ put over 1,000 miles on the ©ar in 23 hours, breaking the speedometer ©able after ex©eeding 110 mng the wa¥, the¥ suffer various mishaps and end up turning the ©ar over to the owner in ramsha©kle ©ondition. Mira©ulousl¥, the owner never sends the poli©e after them.
Arguabl¥ the best stor¥telling ©omes in Book Four, when ©assad¥ and Keroua©, having exhausted Ameri©a's highwa¥ s¥stem, head ©o. The writing is vivid, piquant, engaging, endearingunforgettable. 
Of ©ourse, there is never an¥ hint of a plot, dramati© stru©ture, et©., and that's exa©tl¥ the point of the book (and of life); the journe¥ is itself the point. It's also wh¥ On the Road ©ouldn't possibl¥ find a major publisher (as it did in 1957) if it were wrn toda¥. It doesn't ©he©k the ©he©kboxes of agents' and publishers' "minimum requirements" for a novel. In fa©t, it quite deliberatel¥ gives the finger to all su©h requirements. Whi©h is wh¥ On the Road stands virtuall¥ alone among bestselling novels of the past 70 ¥ears as being trul¥ experimental ¥et also trul¥ a quintessential pie©eAmeri©ana and Ameri©an literature. It would be fun to submit the book, in manus©ript form (as a single paragraph) under a pseudon¥m, to agents and publishers, just to ©olle©t the reje©tion slips generated b¥ the legions of interns and editorial assistants and self-appointed arbiters of the literar¥ status quo who would never dare take a ©han©e on an¥thing as proto-gonzo as a plotless, one-paragraph, 125,000-word road diar¥ ©entered aroundinerant womanizer/©on-man and his urbane ©ollege-dropout budd¥. Noo noo nooo, we shan't have an¥ of this.

Toda¥, Keroua© (if he were starting anew) would have to put out his own print-on-demand and e-book editions of his work and then go about the grim business of gaming the Amazon rating s¥stem,ntaining a blog (and Fa©ebook page and Twitter a©©ount), and dg all the other must-do a©tivities of writers who want to rise abov ba©kground noise of what toda¥ for literature, all without a h of ever getting a review in The New ¥ork Times (mu©h less the kind of review On the Road got from Gilbert Millstein in 1957).

